<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_6CAB02E0-C146-4F8A-9C0B-45845806AA83"><title>Intel DDR RFI Mitigation (RFIM) Software Feature</title><body><section id="SECTION_0EC36802-CF95-4985-A7FD-8FD00F692059"><p>DDR RFIM is a frequency-shifting RFI-mitigation software feature.  The DDR RFIM feature is primarily aimed at resolving narrowband RFI from memory (DDR and LPDDR technologies and both soldered-down and modules) for the Wi-Fi in high frequency bands (5 to 7GHz). By changing the DDR data rate, using Intel dynamic voltage and frequency scaling (DVFS) technology, the narrowband memory noise at the clock harmonic frequency can be shifted out of a radio band of interest, thus mitigating RFI to the radio. The change of the DDR data rate is dynamic based on the radio channel in use. </p><p>Dynamic DDR data rate selection and control can be done at the request of the Intel integrated Wi-Fi firmware (CNVi) or at the request of Intel’s DTT DDR RFIM policy. In systems with CNVi installed, the feature is enabled by default. In systems with discrete Intel or 3rd party Wi-Fi, the DDR RFIM policy must be enabled in DTT. For both cases, the OEM has the option to customize the DDR RFI table (list of Wi-Fi channels affected by each DDR frequency of the system) based on the measured platform noise. </p><p>Intel also offers a semiautomatic tool to characterize the platform DDR noise and customize the DDR RFI table that is an input to RFIM. It is highly recommended to use the tool to characterize the noise from the different memory DVFS points. Please refer to white papers #640438 and #816192 for detailed information. </p></section></body></topic>