<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>DMI Gen5</title><body><section id="SECTION_1E1C93E2-5EA4-4FB8-939C-8FEFBA414392"><table id="TABLE_1E1C93E2-5EA4-4FB8-939C-8FEFBA414392_1"><title>DMI Gen5 General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>(1) Continuous GND is recommended.</p><p>(2) If continuous GND cannot be implemented, a combination of GND on one side and  continuous power plane on the other side with the condition that the GND plane be the closer reference (dual-reference) can be implemented. The continuous power plane requires low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt).</p><p>(3) If non-continuous power referencing is required on microstrip/ surface layer, signal can reference over power planes with a low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt), but stitching caps are required over each plane split and need to be placed within 6 mm of a signal running across the plane split.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void unused (non-functional) pads reference plane for differential vias and pin pads for ESDs, AC caps and connectors to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Unused signals</p></entry><entry><p>Unused data signals should be left as no connect at the ball.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Routing and return via requirement near vertical transition</p></entry><entry><p>For all vertical transitions, the differential transmission line should be connected to the two vias symmetrically.  Moreover, Vss return vias should be placed near the signal vias in an equidistant symmetrical manner, and all signal vias should have identical Vss return vias around each of them.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Fiberweave</p></entry><entry><p>Must adhere to fiberweave related best routing practices (#406926).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommendations and considerations for routing near switch mode power supply, routing under inductor, routing under phase node, and routing under DrMOS</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to Technical White Paper Doc#:  726825</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for microstrip route</p></entry><entry><p>Must be continuous ground.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for stripline route</p></entry><entry><p>Ground on both sides strongly preferred.  If necessary, only a single continuous power reference plane is permitted on one side, but the other side must be a continuous ground.  Simulation is needed to ensure electrical requirements are met.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for dual stripline route</p></entry><entry><p>Ground on both sides strongly preferred.  If necessary, only a single continuous power reference plane is permitted on one side, but the other side must be a continuous ground and it is the layer that is closer to the signal route.  Simulation is needed to ensure electrical requirements are met.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_1E1C93E2-5EA4-4FB8-939C-8FEFBA414392_2" scale="60"><title>DMI Gen5 Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>