<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>TCP TBT5</title><body><section id="SECTION_C75D0F24-9623-4E39-89D5-C8A510ED2CFE"><table id="TABLE_C75D0F24-9623-4E39-89D5-C8A510ED2CFE_1"><title>TCP TBT5 General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void unused (non-functional) pads for differential vias and pin pads for ESDs, AC caps and connectors to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Optimal routing</p></entry><entry><p>For optimal performance it is recommended to begin layout with TBT routing, use arc routing and maintain 3H spacing to vias/ void/ splits. It's also recommended that return loss specification of routing from retimer to Type-C connector is met. It is listed in section 5.5.1.1. of Type-C specification (Document #557111).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Discrete component part size for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>Recommend 0201 components.  It is OK to use 0402 component between CPU and retimer when NOT routing near maximum length. Strongly recommend 0201 components between retimer and Type-C connector, 0402 components may result in return loss spec violation.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommended short protection circuit</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to include this circuit to comply with USB ECN \"RX AC Coupling Capacitor Option\" to provide ESD/ EOS protection and set RX bias at the Type-C connector. See notes on each topology for Intel's recommendation on DC rating of the Crx. The customer should consider short event to VBUS that can be up to 25 V.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Unused signals</p></entry><entry><p>Unused data and AUX signals should be left unconnected at the BGA ball.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Routing and return via requirement near vertical transition</p></entry><entry><p>For all vertical transitions, the differential transmission lines should be connected to the two vias symmetrically.  Moreover, Vss return vias should be placed near the signal vias in an equidistant symmetrical manner and all signal vias should have identical Vss return vias around each of them.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommendations and considerations for routing near switch mode power supply, routing under inductor, routing under phase node, and routing under DrMOS</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to "Switching VR Circuit Guidelines" in the "General Design Considerations" section as well as Technical White Paper Doc#:  726825</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Dual-stripline routing recommendation</p></entry><entry><p>Dual-stripline routings refer to "General Dual-Stripline Support" section.  When routing orthogonal or with angle on top of TBT5 DSL tlines, allow maximum of 3 aggressor pairs to route over 1 DSL routing victim pair.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_C75D0F24-9623-4E39-89D5-C8A510ED2CFE_2" scale="60"><title>TCP TBT5 Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>