<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>TCP USB3.2</title><body><section id="SECTION_ED7B9174-A1DB-4AC3-AE56-E9AD9FFD6263"><table id="TABLE_ED7B9174-A1DB-4AC3-AE56-E9AD9FFD6263_1"><title>TCP USB3.2 General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Discrete component part size for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>0402, if routing near maximum length it is recommended to use 0201 component size.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommended short protection circuit</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to include this circuit to comply with USB ECN \"RX AC Coupling Capacitor Option\" to provide ESD/ EOS protection and set RX bias at the Type-C connector. Intel's recommendation on DC rating of the Crx is 25 V. The customer should consider short event to VBUS that can be up to 20 V.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void unused (non-functional) pads for differential vias and pin pads for CMCs, ESDs, AC cap and connectors to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Unused signals</p></entry><entry><p>Unused data and AUX signals should be left as no connect at the BGA ball.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Fiberweave</p></entry><entry><p>Must adhere to fiberweave related best routing practices (#406926).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommendations and considerations for routing near switch mode power supply, routing under inductor, routing under phase node, and routing under DrMOS</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to Technical White Paper Doc#:  726825</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for microstrip route</p></entry><entry><p>Must be continuous ground.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for stripline route</p></entry><entry><p>Ground on both sides strongly preferred.  If necessary, only a single continuous power reference plane is permitted on one side, but the other side must be a continuous ground.  Simulation is needed to ensure electrical requirements are met.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane for dual stripline route</p></entry><entry><p>Ground on both sides strongly preferred.  If necessary, only a single continuous power reference plane is permitted on one side, but the other side must be a continuous ground and it is the layer that is closer to the signal route.  Simulation is needed to ensure electrical requirements are met.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_ED7B9174-A1DB-4AC3-AE56-E9AD9FFD6263_2" scale="60"><title>TCP USB3.2 Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>25</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>