<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>CNVio2</title><body><section id="SECTION_5FC870FE-8133-454C-B1C7-A3C89BF96C00"><table id="TABLE_5FC870FE-8133-454C-B1C7-A3C89BF96C00_1"><title>CNVio2 General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Length matching between P and N within a diff. pair</p></entry><entry><p>Within same layer mismatch: 0.254 mm</p><p>Total length mismatch: 0.381 mm</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Length matching between Data and CLK lanes</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 1.27 mm</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Impedance of differential channel</p></entry><entry><p>For a differential channel transmission line impedance of 80 - 85 Ω.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>(1) Continuous GND is recommended.</p><p>(2) If continuous GND cannot be implemented, a combination of GND on one side and continuous power plane on the other side with the condition that the GND plane be the closer reference (dual-reference) can be implemented. The continuous power plane requires low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt). IO power rails with less than 5A max current can be considered for dual reference implementation.</p><p>(3) If non-continuous power referencing is required on microstrip/ surface layer, signal can reference over power planes with a low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt), but stitching caps are required over each plane split within 6 mm of a signal running across the plane split.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void reference plane for all component pads, for example AC caps as well as connector pads to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Discrete component part size for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to use 0402 or smaller component sizes.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Max via stub length</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 900 um</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Recommendations and considerations for routing near switch mode power supply, routing under inductor, routing under phase node, and routing under DrMOS</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to Technical White Paper Doc#:  726825</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_5FC870FE-8133-454C-B1C7-A3C89BF96C00_2" scale="60"><title>CNVio2 Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.381</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.254</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>1.27</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>