<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>HDMI TCP</title><body><section id="SECTION_EE696DE6-BB2F-41C3-AF12-7E09CA7E3CFE"><table id="TABLE_EE696DE6-BB2F-41C3-AF12-7E09CA7E3CFE_1"><title>HDMI TCP General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Length matching between pair to pair (inter pair)</p></entry><entry><p>Within 13 mm (HDMI 2.1); 25 mm (HDMI 1.4).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void unused (non-functional) pads for differential vias and pin pads for CMCs, ESDs and connectors to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.  Voiding of 0402 or smaller AC capacitors pads is not necessary.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Unused signals</p></entry><entry><p>Unused data and AUX signals should be left no connected at the BGA ball.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Routing and return via requirement near vertical transition</p></entry><entry><p>For all vertical transitions, the differential transmission lines should be connected to the two vias symmetrically.  Moreover, Vss return vias should be placed near the signal vias in an equidistant symmetrical manner and all signal vias should have identical Vss return vias around each of them.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Fiberweave notes</p></entry><entry><p>Must adhere to fiberweave related best routing practices (#406926).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>Microstrip: Must be continuous ground</p><p>Stripline: Ground on both sides strongly preferred. If necessary, one side can be a IO rail power plane with Iccmax &lt; 5A that has low amount of low frequency noise, but the other side must be continuous ground.</p><p>Dual Stripline: Ground on both sides strongly preferred. If necessary, one side can be a IO rail power plane with Iccmax &lt; 5A that has low amount of low frequency noise, but the other side must be continuous ground and it is the layer that is closer to the signal route.</p><p /></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_EE696DE6-BB2F-41C3-AF12-7E09CA7E3CFE_2" scale="60"><title>HDMI TCP Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>13</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>