<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_BBE34F0E-1FC3-4490-AAC5-1E76C3311E37"><title>Minimize Exposed High Speed I/O Channel Routing</title><body><section id="SECTION_9A1BB24D-5193-45E8-98FB-3BFD413E7759"><p>It is recommended that the routing of I/O interfaces in the table below be embedded in inner layers and covered by solid ground. Due to routing limitations, full stripline routing may not be possible at breakout region and the routing at the connector region. Please refer to the table below for maximum microstrip length.  </p><table id="TABLE_9A1BB24D-5193-45E8-98FB-3BFD413E7759_1" scale="60"><title>High Speed Differential Signal Routing Recommendations</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Interface</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Data Rate</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Max Routing Length at Breakout Region (Microstrip)</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Max Routing Length at Connector Region (Microstrip)</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Cable Shielding</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Note</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>eUSB2 </p></entry><entry><p>480 Mbps </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm </p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax </p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>UFS reference clock </p></entry><entry><p>38.4MHz </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm </p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax </p></entry><entry><p>Add a placeholder shunt capacitor (0402 or 0201 size) near to UFS device.  
Refer to UFS Reference Clock PDG chapter for more information about capacitor placement.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>UFS 4.0 Gear 5 </p></entry><entry><p>20 Gbps (Rate A),  
23.32 Gbps (Rate B) </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm </p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm </p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax </p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>CNVio3 (STEP)</p></entry><entry><p>12 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to CNVio3 section under High Speed I/Os chapter)</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to CNVio3 section under High Speed I/Os chapter)</p></entry><entry><p>Not applicable</p></entry><entry><p>Keep out distance of CNVio3' signals (microstrip) to Wi-Fi antenna &gt; 15 mm. 
Refer to Intel document #610694 for the latest Intel Wi-Fi module RFI/EMC recommendations.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>DMIC Clk</p></entry><entry><p /></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>eDP 1.5</p></entry><entry><p>8.1 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>HDMI 2.0</p></entry><entry><p>5.94 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>HDMI 2.1</p></entry><entry><p>12 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>PCIe4</p></entry><entry><p>16 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to PCIe Gen4 Add-in Card Clock Topology or PCIe Gen4 Device Down Clock Topology (under High Speed I/Os) for more EMC/ RF noise protection recommendations.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>PCIe5</p></entry><entry><p>32 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to PCIe Gen5 Add-in Card Clock Topology or PCIe Gen5 Device Down Clock Topology (under High Speed I/Os) for more EMC/ RF noise protection recommendations.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>PCIe Refclk</p></entry><entry><p>100 MHz</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to PCIe Gen4/Gen5 Add-in Card Clock Topology or PCIe Gen4/Gen5 Device Down Clock Topology (under High Speed I/Os) for more EMC/ RF noise protection recommendations.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>SPI Clk</p></entry><entry><p /></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>TBT5</p></entry><entry><p>80 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>USB3.2 Gen1Type A</p></entry><entry><p>5 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>USB3.2 Gen2Type A</p></entry><entry><p>10 Gbps</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 38 mm</p></entry><entry><p>&lt; 25 mm</p></entry><entry><p>Shielded FPC/ Shielded FFC/ Coax</p></entry><entry><p /></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><p>For mechanical information, please refer to EMC Mechanical Considerations section. </p></section></body></topic>