<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>CSI DPHY</title><body><section id="SECTION_AD37DD15-5A50-4930-8259-4A27DC34049B"><table id="TABLE_AD37DD15-5A50-4930-8259-4A27DC34049B_1"><title>CSI DPHY General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>DPHY configuration routing recommendation </p></entry><entry><p>Recommend each DPHY configuration (example: X4) to be routed on the same layer.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>CSI_RCOMP</p></entry><entry><p>200 Ω +/- 1% pull down to VSS.  Provide good noise isolation.  Platform Rdc &lt; 0.1 Ω, board capacitance &lt;1.5 pF.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Common mode choke (CMC)</p></entry><entry><p>Need is platform/ sensor specific and should be located near sensor.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Port connectivity</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended that CSI A be one of the used ports if all ports are not used. </p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Loss numbers</p></entry><entry><p>1. PCB Loss number assumed: -0.36dB/inch (worst case) at 1.25 GHz</p><p>2. FPC cable loss number assumed: -0.316dB/inch (worst case) at 1.25 GHz</p><p>3. Cable length guideline is based on FPC cable. FPC cable loss should be within the loss number specified above. If micro-Coax is used, cable length can be longer as micro-Coax loss. Ex. 40 AWG cable has loss: -0.15dB/inch at 1.25 GHz. </p><p>Please note that Cable loss numbers are general guidelines and actual numbers may be different due to the dimensions, type of material used.</p><p>(Refer to the individual topologies for total loss numbers). These loss number take precedence over length mentioned in individual topologies below specially while using lower loss cable options like micro coaxial cables. </p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_AD37DD15-5A50-4930-8259-4A27DC34049B_2" scale="60"><title>CSI DPHY Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>1</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>