<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>UFS</title><body><section id="SECTION_CAF7B019-2043-4A53-A70E-FD05D66EB48E"><table id="TABLE_CAF7B019-2043-4A53-A70E-FD05D66EB48E_1"><title>UFS General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Stub requirement</p></entry><entry><p>Channel and via stub requirement must meet &lt; 11mils for both Tx and Rx signal pairs.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Component size requirement ( CMC)</p></entry><entry><p>Strongly recommended to use 0201 components for better impedance control. </p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Component voiding</p></entry><entry><p>All component pads must be voided on L2 and with GND reference on L3. Suggest having pad voiding size of 50.8 um (2 mils) overcut. Refer to Component Pad Voiding diagram.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Component routing</p></entry><entry><p>Signal pair to entry/ exist from components pad symmetrically. Maintain differential routing to meet trace target impedance whenever possible.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Signal PTH/ via transition</p></entry><entry><p>Differential pair voiding needed for each signal pair transition with recommended antipad size of 0.75 mm. Suggest having two symmetrical GND stitching vias for each signal pair transition.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Routing scheme</p></entry><entry><p>Non-interleaved breakout (B0) is required to mitigate near-end crosstalk.</p><p>The main route (MR) supports both interleaved routing and non-interleaved routing for maximum flexibility on stripline (SL).</p><p>For microstrip (MS), interleaved routing scheme is recommended.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>(1) Continuous GND is recommended.</p><p>(2) If continuous GND cannot be implemented, a combination of GND on one side and continuous power plane on the other side with the condition that the GND plane be the closer reference (dual-reference) can be implemented. The continuous power plane requires low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt). IO power rails with less than 5A max current can be considered for dual reference implementation.</p><p>(3) If non-continuous power referencing is required on microstrip/ surface layer, signal can reference over power planes with a low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt), but stitching caps are required over each plane split within 6 mm of a signal running across the plane split.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Routing in DSL configuration</p></entry><entry><p>If DSL configuration is used (for ex: UFS is in layer 4 and there are signals routed in L3, this is assumed to be DSL configuration).</p><p>Avoid power or ground planes in layer 3 above UFS signals.</p><p>Prefer low speed/GPIO signals in layer 3 above UFS signals.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Parallel routing in DSL configuration</p></entry><entry><p>If signals are routed in same direction (less than 30 degrees between routing in layers 4 and layer 3), please refer to General Dual Stripline Routing Recommendations. </p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Cris-crossing signals in DSL configuration</p></entry><entry><p>For UFS signals, recommended maximum number of cris-crossing signals is 15. If same signal cris-crossing twice, it is counted as 2 cris-crossings.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_CAF7B019-2043-4A53-A70E-FD05D66EB48E_2" scale="60"><title>UFS Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.127</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.254</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>12.7</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>12.7</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>