<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_7209B02B-8A01-46F2-9342-FC69334388F8"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink for DDR5 SPD Topology</title><body><section id="SECTION_E8D5CB28-08A2-4C50-A858-5CF86AE29CB6"><table id="TABLE_E8D5CB28-08A2-4C50-A858-5CF86AE29CB6_1"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink for DDR5 SPD Topology Notes</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Stackup layer (microstrip/ stripline/ dual stripline)</p></entry><entry><p>MS/ SL/ DSL.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Characteristic impedance</p></entry><entry><p>30 Ω to 70 Ω.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>[1] Continuous GND is recommended.</p><p>[2] If continuous GND cannot be implemented, a combination of GND on one side and continuous power plane on the other side with the condition that the GND plane be the closer reference (dual-reference) can be implemented. The continuous power plane requires low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt).</p><p>[3] If non-continuous power referencing is required on microstrip/ surface layer, signal can reference over power planes with a low peak-to-peak noise and low current switching speed (di/dt).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Trace spacing between CLK and other signals </p></entry><entry><p>[1] 0.375 mm: Frequency of other signals &gt; 1 GHz.</p><p>[2] 0.250 mm: Frequency of other signals &gt; 100 MHz.</p><p>[3] 0.125 mm: Frequency of other signals ≤ 100 MHz.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Trace spacing between DATA and other signals</p></entry><entry><p>0.125 mm </p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Trace segment length</p></entry><entry><p>Refer to bus capacitance table.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Total trace length (DATA, CLK)</p></entry><entry><p>Individual trace lengths should meet total bus capacitance (Cb) requirements for the mode of operation. Refer to the pull-up/ pull-down tables for the supported bus capacitance.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Length matching between DATA and CLK signals</p></entry><entry><p>25.4 mm</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Pull-up resistor placement</p></entry><entry><p>No restriction.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Pull-up resistor value tolerance</p></entry><entry><p>± 5%</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Max stub length to pull-up resistor</p></entry><entry><p>25.4 mm</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Max stub length to device</p></entry><entry><p>127 mm</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Board trace characteristic assumptions for default pull-up recommendation</p></entry><entry><p>Board trace resistance per length = 20 Ω per meter.</p><p>Board trace capacitance per length = 208 pF per meter.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Extended length support</p></entry><entry><p>For extended length support, refer to "830097_WCL_I2C_SMBUS_SMLINK_EIO_Flexi_PDG".</p><p /><p>Potential enablers:</p><p>[1] Reduced trace resistance.</p><p>[2] Reduced trace capacitance.</p><p>[3] Optimized pull-up resistor placement.</p><p /></entry></row><row><entry><p>Max SPD device input capacitance</p></entry><entry><p>5 pF</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>General recommendations for DDR5 SPD</p></entry><entry><p>[1] It is recommended to have a dedicated bus for DDR5 SPD usage. </p><p>[2] If dedicated bus is not possible, it is recommended to use a voltage translator to shift the signal down to 1V to match the SPD device.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Signal name/ list</p></entry><entry><p>SMBCLK, SMBDATA, SMBALERT#, SML[0:1]CLK, SML[0:1]DATA, SML[0:1]ALERT#, USB-C_SMLCLK, USB-C_SMLDATA, SML0BCLK, SML0BDATA, SML0BALERT#,  PSE_SMLCLK, PSE_SMLDATA, PSE_SMLALERT#</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section><section id="SECTION_93F852F3-97F4-4985-81BE-A1902C0DE3C9"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Standard Mode (100 kHz)</title><p>Frequency: 100 kHz</p><table id="TABLE_93F852F3-97F4-4985-81BE-A1902C0DE3C9_1"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Standard Mode (100 kHz) Settings</title><tgroup cols="3"><thead><row><entry>Total Bus Capacitance (Cb)</entry><entry>External Pull-up Strength</entry><entry>Intel Silicon Pull-down Strength</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Up to 50 pF</p></entry><entry><p>8.2 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Up to 100 pF</p></entry><entry><p>4.7 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Up to 200 pF</p></entry><entry><p>2.7 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Up to 300 pF</p></entry><entry><p>1.8 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Up to 400 pF</p></entry><entry><p>1.5 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>50 Ω</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section><section id="SECTION_4D1D05F7-EC1C-4523-82E5-208EFE02CF6A"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Fast Mode (400 kHz)</title><p>Frequency: 400 kHz</p><table id="TABLE_4D1D05F7-EC1C-4523-82E5-208EFE02CF6A_1"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Fast Mode (400 kHz) Settings</title><tgroup cols="3"><thead><row><entry>Total Bus Capacitance (Cb)</entry><entry>External Pull-up Strength</entry><entry>Intel Silicon Pull-down Strength</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Up to 50 pF</p></entry><entry><p>3.9 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>45 pF to 100 pF</p></entry><entry><p>2.7 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>85 pF to 250 pF</p></entry><entry><p>1.2 Ω</p></entry><entry><p>50 Ω</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section><section id="SECTION_1A066304-62EB-4E0F-B475-CFCBD97B70DB"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Fast Mode Plus (1 MHz)</title><p>Frequency: 1 MHz</p><table id="TABLE_1A066304-62EB-4E0F-B475-CFCBD97B70DB_1"><title>SMBus 2.0/ SMLink Fast Mode Plus (1 MHz) Settings</title><tgroup cols="3"><thead><row><entry>Total Bus Capacitance (Cb)</entry><entry>External Pull-up Strength</entry><entry>Intel Silicon Pull-down Strength</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Up to 50 pF</p></entry><entry><p>2.2 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>100 Ω</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Up to 115 pF</p></entry><entry><p>1 kΩ</p></entry><entry><p>50 Ω</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>