<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic  PUBLIC '-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN'  'topic.dtd'><topic id="GUID_High_Speed_I_O"><title>Type-C USB</title><body><section id="SECTION_F6D6D0C6-3DAF-45EB-ADD4-F3583562EF1C"><table id="TABLE_F6D6D0C6-3DAF-45EB-ADD4-F3583562EF1C_1"><title>Type-C USB General Guidelines</title><tgroup cols="2"><thead><row><entry>Note</entry><entry>Detail</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>Discrete component part size for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>0402, if routing near maximum length it is recommended to use 0201 component size.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Voiding recommendation for mainstream stackup</p></entry><entry><p>It is recommended to void unused (non-functional) pads for differential vias and pin pads for CMCs, ESDs, AC cap and connectors to optimize the impedance matching in the channel.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Unused signals</p></entry><entry><p>Unused data and AUX signals should be left no connected at the BGA ball.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Fiberweave</p></entry><entry><p>Must adhere to fiberweave related best routing practices (#406926).</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>Reference plane</p></entry><entry><p>Microstrip: Must be continuous ground</p><p>Stripline: Ground on both sides strongly preferred. If necessary, one side can be a IO rail power plane with Iccmax &lt; 5A that has low amount of low frequency noise, but the other side must be continuous ground.</p><p>Dual Stripline: Ground on both sides strongly preferred. If necessary, one side can be a IO rail power plane with Iccmax &lt; 5A that has low amount of low frequency noise, but the other side must be continuous ground and it is the layer that is closer to the signal route.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table id="TABLE_F6D6D0C6-3DAF-45EB-ADD4-F3583562EF1C_2" scale="60"><title>Type-C USB Length Matching</title><tgroup cols="6"><thead><row valign="top"><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Group Id</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Matching Groups</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Total/Within Layer</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Length/Delay</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Required</entry><entry outputclass="rotate90">Maximum Mismatch</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><p>1</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.125</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>2</p></entry><entry><p>Pair (P-N)</p></entry><entry><p>Within</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>Yes</p></entry><entry><p>0.25</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>3</p></entry><entry><p>TX-TX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>4</p></entry><entry><p>RX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>5</p></entry><entry><p>TX-RX</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row><row><entry><p>6</p></entry><entry><p>DATA-CLK</p></entry><entry><p>Total</p></entry><entry><p>Length (mm)</p></entry><entry><p>No</p></entry><entry><p>0</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></section></body></topic>